he had a little numb yeah I baked again
move up Bassett can't live a lie every a
freer ha ha ha
oh my god whoa ok go it's all open up
yeah that video had to go let us say
lemon Lamar line back there
whoa we're an ugly to tonify correlated
them up a Concha
uh you're on set yeah I skull your
follower oh they go ahead on the
glitches on lappa I don't mean you live
in stinking wholesale stick died for
sales to glad you're still
night-night
we're novela it's in the how our secret
is oh okay
Oh Snoopy go sell some say okay
ah so what what what kid drew my turn
around oh I'm doing it for the thrill
oh I'm hoping you'll understand Oh mice
Oh
Limpy lost Sue's do that for you it's on
the line put that so mom dad Byron
picked nothing haha I'll sing your song
in the potere checks Oh
so mom never empathic laughing haha I'll
sing you song in the Petare check oh ha
oh good evening yeah well they're
willing willing Oh Rosita I found I
found basic
you